# Res-F5C
5-Formylcytidine (f5C) is a unique post-transcriptional RNA modification found in mRNA and tRNA at the wobble site. It plays a crucial role in mitochondrial protein synthesis and potentially contributes to the regulation of translation. Precise identification of f5C sites is crucial for understanding its molecular functions and specific regulatory mechanisms However, there are currently no computational methods available for predicting f5C sites. 

Aiming to predict whether a DNA site is modified with f5C or not, we developped Res-F5C by utilizing ResNet. To encode the corresponding site, a flank region with 41bp is encoded with one-hot and nucleotdie density strategy. Additionally, 40 domain-enabled genomic features were extracted to boost the model's performance. 

By comparing different encoding approaches and machine learning algorithms, we demonstrate that Res-F5C, which combines the sequence and domain characteristics through a deep neural network with residual blocks, achieves the best prediction performance, with an average AUC of 0.9601 and 0.9515 tested on 5-fold cross-validation and an independent dataset, respectively, compared with sequence-only machine learning models, sequence-only deep learning models, and sequence-domain integrated machine learning models. To facilitate the identification of putative f5C sites, we have developed a freely accessible web server that allows real-time analysis of user-uploaded sequences. The web server can be accessed at: www.rnamd.org/Deep-f5C. 
